Who: Elena Ingraham Allen Keef Oscar Delgado Vincent Viano Tanner Quigley
 
Title: Milestone 5: Del Concrete

Vision: The purpose of this project is to help modernize an industry that is extremely important yet often overlooked. 

User Acceptance Tests: A feature that is being implemented in our project is a admin login system to the restricted database pages. These pages contain the admins ability to query the current job information , and past invoices. Naturally we want this info secured so a  random website visitor can’t access the personal info of others. To do this we have python code in are main flask file app.py that will retrieve what is entered in the admin and password containers implemented in the login page. 
        In order to test the login function for security we will be taking a more static testing approach. There are a series of cases we want it to be able to handle, the most important is that when a valid admin enters their credentials they can access the pages. This is the most basic test where we add valid info and check that it logins admin and redirects to the project page. The next test case is where we have entered incorrect info either a valid admin but wrong password or vice versa. We want to make sure that when the admin or password variables are passed to flask from html and when flask sends and receives the queries info from sql, that the comparison of strings works properly in the python code and only allows login when both are correct. The last test is when a random string or no information is entered, we just want to verify that access is still denied and python is handing everything correctly.

Within the projects and reviews page we have also implemented the feature of allowing for reviews to be stored and displayed and in the admin project page invoices of past and current project to be displayed. All the information is stored in the sql database implemented. To insure this works correctly we are using static testing on the flask/python code and the html. For the reviews page when called in the flask code it sends a query to fetch all the reviews and stores them in a string variable to be displayed. For testing we have created a couple dummy scripts that we load into the sql table for reviews and then make sure that the information is properly displayed when the page function is called. The other test case is for adding a review to the database. On the page is a container that will take review information and we must make sure dummy information is correctly passed from html to flask and then to sql database to be stored. With this we must then test that when the page is reloaded that this new information has been correctly stored and is now being correctly displayed 

For the project page it is similar static testing but this time there is a search function implemented. The admin can search for past or current projects based in name or order number. This is grabbed in html by flask and then the query to sql is made returning the info that is then passed back to html and displayed. To test this we again preload dummy data via sql script and the make sure that when a name or order number is searched for it returns and displays correct information. In the case where the number or name does not exist we test that the user receives the prompt that no such information exists. The last test case for this is when a new project is created via the contact page and added to the sql database. We must test that the data was correctly stored and a new order id was assigned so when called on by the admin again the information displays correctly.
